bioterrorism the world coexists with you
you live with the stolen virus
manipulated and used with results
tragic
and who are you going to trust
means the word terror with resident
evil revelations 2 after that in the
The first part will try to recover the
essence of the classic horror survival
the sequels remedy some errors
to satisfy the fans get ready
for scares more exploration and a
story that leaves you on fire until the
final
but not yours is all you need
this resentful to succeed
hey that's a guard daughter
claire redfield returns to the room with
resident evil revelations 2 from
resident evil code veronica not the
we saw in action now works for the
organization against bioterrorism
terra safe have done your homework
other invasions of privacy we have
I have to take care of terrassa
we have enemies does not come back alone too
appears on scene barry burton an old
known to the team stars how it
relate these two characters believe
who is kidnapped next to moira, daughter of
barry at a party are brought to a
island to submit them to an experiment in
As for Burton, he goes to the island looking for
of his daughter on his arrival he meets natalia
an abandoned girl who hides a
secret
because if the game was commercialized in
digital format and deliveries there
that you have opted for a structure of
chapters now the title is sold in
disk with all the downloadable extras
thanks to this system you get
keep interest and intrigue the
The only problem with this saga is that the
history is so entangled that in the end it is
difficult to understand it in this case the plot
is between the fifth and the sixth
part
opt for an improved system that already
used in resident evil hero and that supposed
a new direction in the gameplay the
plot is played by teams clair and moira
they form one while barry and natalia
another redfield and burton are used in the
moments of action while dying and
natalia are employed for exploration
very it uses its lever to open doors
and trunks and their flashlight to find
Hidden objects and blind enemies
natalia thanks to his special powers
apart from finding elements in the
darkness also detects the zombies and
perceive their weaknesses both also
help in critical moments attack and
Sanan there is no doubt that this mechanics
gives a certain strategic touch to the
delivery of the saga resident and vossloh
understand without solving riddles
they abound more than in the first delivery
but they are too easy if you
compare with the classic titles other
of the pillars is the exploration
the pasillero effect persists but it is
true that you have to dig deeper into
wider scenarios we face
prisons factories sewers towns
abandoned and forests there is variety of
sites but the problem is that
the places we visit are repeated
when the chapter is played with barry and
natalia notwithstanding some actions that
we take although minimal can
influence our other two
companions when they go through the same
site
What we like most is that we have chosen
by zombies that look like those
we saw in the first deliveries of
playstation in this case they are called
afflicted move and attack faster
with basic weapons as you move
so new enemies appear with
rare and more difficult mutations but not
they become as rare as those that
they appeared in resident evil revelations
to combat them we have the
well-known workshop tables to improve
our armament with pieces there
variety of weapons but nothing out of the
normal our skills are also
can improve thanks to careful
hidden or prizes that grant us
and the game is arguably ere
playable to the maximum part of overcoming
our game time against the clock
find hidden objects and graffiti
point out the challenges the extra content
unlockable and extra game modes
as assault mode with a quantity
unimaginable extra content can be
play both online and offline quality
that you can not say that you have the
cooperative adventure in this case only
you can play from the living room
for the same
a graphic portent and the
new generation especially noticeable in
the quality of the videos that approve
with a note but they do not get the
outstanding although there is one other
scare we lack a more environment
terrifying what does help for
get it is the soundtrack
recent and you revelations two is approaching
what we expected to be the return of
the Sardinians value this delivery incorporates
more puzzles more exploration and a touch
scary but innovation is the
leaves on the way pity that has not been
boosted online cooperative in the
adventure when other deliveries and what
incorporate and that the graphic quality of
the new generation are not exploited as
It's due
Y
of zombies and characters from the saga what
will star
how